Modified the `Particle.ionize()` method to accept `np.inf` as an argument (#2800)
PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy: changelog/2800.feature.rst

> Added the option to pass np.inf to Particle.ionize, which returns the nucleus of the particle

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added the option to pass |inf| to the `~plasmapy.particles.particle_class.Particle.ionize` method of |Particle|, which returns the nucleus of the particle.
```
